Update README.md (#2)
dojoengine/game-jams: README.md

$20K General + $36.5K Bounty Tracks!

| Track | Prize | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | Road to Mainnet | 10K STRK | One winner will receive 2.5K STRK upon submission and an additional 2.5K STRK upon deploying their game to mainnet. Of the top 3 general pool winners and all other track winners, the first five teams to deploy to mainnet will receive 1K STRK. All games must be playable and deployed to mainnet with 3 months of game jam completion. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Road to Mainnet | 10000 STRK | One winner will receive 2500 STRK upon submission and an additional 2500 STRK upon deploying their game to mainnet. Of the top 3 general pool winners and all other track winners, the first five teams to deploy to mainnet will receive 1000 STRK. All games must be playable and deployed to mainnet with 3 months of game jam completion. |
```

> | Blobert / Realms | $3K + blobs | Build an onchain experience such as a game, social tool, ai experiment featuring Blobert, the grumpy Realms squire. Check here for details: https://www.notion.so/2e0a8c5baa544267b624ef7aad1ecd97?pvs=21 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Blobert / Realms | $3,000 + blobs | Build an onchain experience such as a game, social tool, ai experiment featuring Blobert, the grumpy Realms squire. Check [here](https://www.notion.so/2e0a8c5baa544267b624ef7aad1ecd97?pvs=21) for details. |
```

> | DopeWars | $3K | Build an onchain experience such as a game, social tool, ai experiment within the Dope World. Projects can incorporate Dope World assets or introduce new experiences within the DopeWorld lore. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| DopeWars | $3,000 in PAPER | Build an onchain experience such as a game, social tool, ai experiment within the Dope World. Projects can incorporate Dope World assets or introduce new experiences within the DopeWorld lore. |
```

> | PixeLAW | $1K | Build a pixel-based game within the PixeLAW world! Option 1: Make existing apps interoperable. Check https://github.com/pixelaw/examples to find other app examples, and integrate interoperability functionality into them to create emergent gameplay. Option 2: Create a new interoperable app that interfaces with an existing app. PixeLAW contributors can help and extend an existing app that interfaces with your new app. Building new onchain apps has never been easier. Start here: https://pixelaw.github.io/book/getting-started/quick-start.html |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| PixeLAW | $1,000 | Build a pixel-based game within the PixeLAW world! Option 1: Make existing apps interoperable. Check https://github.com/pixelaw/examples to find other app examples, and integrate interoperability functionality into them to create emergent gameplay. Option 2: Create a new interoperable app that interfaces with an existing app. PixeLAW contributors can help and extend an existing app that interfaces with your new app. Building new onchain apps has never been easier. Start [here](https://pixelaw.github.io/book/getting-started/quick-start.html) |
```

> | New World | $3K | Seed a new World or create a game or experience in a new world!! Judges will subjectively assess the quality of projects for this track based on the creativity, robustness, and extensibility of this new world.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| New World | $3,000 | Seed a new World or create a game or experience in a new world!! Judges will subjectively assess the quality of projects for this track based on the creativity, robustness, and extensibility of this new world.  |
```

> | Unity | $1K | Build a game or a mod using the DOJO <> Unity SDK |
> | Three.js | $1K | Build a game or a mod using the DOJO <> Three.JS SDK |
> | Phaser | $1K | Build a game or a mod using the DOJO <> Phaser SDK |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Unity | $1K | Build a game or a mod using the Dojo <> Unity SDK |
| Three.js | $1K | Build a game or a mod using Three.JS |
| Phaser | $1K | Build a game or a mod using Phaser |
```

> | Unity | $1K | Build a game or a mod using the Dojo <> Unity SDK |
> | Three.js | $1K | Build a game or a mod using Three.JS |
> | Phaser | $1K | Build a game or a mod using Phaser |
> | Your Favorite Engine | $1K | Build a game or a mod using any other Dojo SDK |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Unity | $1,000 | Build a game or a mod using the Dojo <> Unity SDK |
| Three.js | $1,000 | Build a game or a mod using Three.JS for the client |
| Phaser | $1,000 | Build a game or a mod using Phaser for the client |
| Your Favorite Engine | $1,000 | Build a game or a mod using any other game engine for the client |
```
